<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [EncLst][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
    *   [filepath][3]
    *   [items][4]
    *   [serialize][5]
    *   [read][6]
        *   [Parameters][7]
    *   [title][8]
    *   [makeURLfromCurrentURLandPath][9]
        *   [Parameters][10]
    *   [createFromURL][11]
        *   [Parameters][12]
*   [stringToLines][13]
    *   [Parameters][14]
*   [getTitle][15]
    *   [Parameters][16]
*   [][17]
    *   [Parameters][18]
*   [Item][19]
    *   [Parameters][20]
    *   [Properties][21]
    *   [value][22]
    *   [title][23]
    *   [serialize][24]
*   [FilePath][25]
    *   [nextFilePath][26]
        *   [Parameters][27]
*   [ValueChecker][28]
    *   [isURL][29]
        *   [Parameters][30]
*   [Value][31]
    *   [Parameters][32]
    *   [Properties][33]
    *   [positional][34]
    *   [named][35]
    *   [hasPositinalParams][36]
    *   [hasNamedParams][37]
    *   [hasParams][38]
    *   [first][39]
    *   [serialize][40]

## EncLst

An enclst object.

### Parameters

*   `str` **[string][41]** A string representing the encrust. In case a non-empty filepath is specified, it will be ignored. (optional, default `""`)
*   `filepath` **[string][41]** A string representing the filepath where to read. The param str is ignored if this param is specified. (optional, default `""`)

### filepath

Filepath where this enclst is saved.

Type: [string][41]

### items

Decoded items of this enclst

Type: [Array][42]<[Item][19]>

### serialize

Serialize this enclst object to the <a href="https://github.com/UedaTakeyuki/EncLst?tab=readme-ov-file#enclst-notation">Enclst Notation</a> string

Returns **[string][41]** A serialized <a href="https://github.com/UedaTakeyuki/EncLst?tab=readme-ov-file#enclst-notation">Enclst Notation</a> string of this enclst object.

### read

read enclst string and refresh this

#### Parameters

*   `str` &#x20;

### title

Extracted title string of this enclst.

Type: [string][41]

### makeURLfromCurrentURLandPath

Calculate subsequent URL from the Current URL and Next path

#### Parameters

*   `currentURL` **[string][41]** Current URL
*   `path` **[string][41]** Next path
*   `base_url` **[string][41]** Base url of this path, or nil.

Returns **[string][41]** created URL as follows:<ul>
  <li> if path is started from "http://", just return paht</li>
  <li> else if path is started from "/"
  <ul>
    <li> if base_url is not specified, return CurrentURL + path
    <li> if base_url is specified, return base_url + path
  </ul>
  <li> else, return URL(path, currentURL)
</ul>

### createFromURL

Static creator by URL string

#### Parameters

*   `urlStr` &#x20;

## stringToLines

Create Result Array, an array by dividing a string with line feed codes.

### Parameters

*   `str` &#x20;

## getTitle

get title of an Enclst from Resut Array.

### Parameters

*   `resArray` &#x20;

##

parse attr

### Parameters

*   `attr` **strng**&#x20;

Returns **posAndNamedType** parse result a positional params & named params

## Item

Item

### Parameters

*   `str` **[string][41]** item string row of the Enclst file (optional, default `""`)

### Properties

*   `value` **[Value][22]** Attr object of this item
*   `title` **[string][41]** title of this item

### value

Decoded value of this item

Type: [Value][22]

### title

Extracted title string of this item

Type: [string][41]

### serialize

serialize to string

Returns **[string][41]** string serialization

## FilePath

This provides methods for guessing what a file path is for .

### nextFilePath

Calculate the file path of the next Encrust file.

Return the <b>URL</b> string to get the Enclst file indicated by the parameter <i>path</i>.
Depending on what the parameter <i>path</i> is like, it is evaluated as following:

<h6>Full URL</h6>
In the case of the path is the full version of the URL string like a "https:www.a.com/b.enlist"
which can be used as the parameter of the HTTP Get for fetching a new enclist file,
this function returns the same string of the input parameter path as is. 

<h6> Absolute Path</h6>
In the case of the path is the absolute path string start with "/" like a "/b.enlist",
return value is depend on the presence of an additional named parameter "v_root" indicating a virtual root. 

<li><b>without v-root</b></li>
Calculate subsequent URL from the current URL that storeed in the member valuable of this enclst, and a parameter path that indicate a next enclst which is loading.
Retuned nextURL is calculated as joind of the current url and path.
You can optionally specify a base_url, which will be used instead of the current url.

<li><b>with v-root</b></li>
Calculate subsequent URL from the current URL that storeed in the member valuable of this enclst, and a parameter path that indicate a next enclst which is loading.
Retuned nextURL is calculated as joind of the current url and path.
You can optionally specify a base_url, which will be used instead of the current url.

<h6> Relative Path </h6>
Calculate subsequent URL from the current URL that storeed in the member valuable of this enclst, and a parameter path that indicate a next enclst which is loading.
Retuned nextURL is calculated as joind of the current url and path.
You can optionally specify a base_url, which will be used instead of the current url.

#### Parameters

*   `path` &#x20;
*   `v_root`   (optional, default `""`)

## ValueChecker

This provides methods used for confirming path type.

### isURL

Is this URL?

#### Parameters

*   `s` &#x20;

## Value

Attr of Item

### Parameters

*   `str` **[string][41]** string red from Enclst file (optional, default `""`)

### Properties

*   `positional` **[Array][42]<[string][41]>** positional parameters of this Attr
*   `named` **[object][43]** named parameters of this Attr as name\&value pair

### positional

Extracted title string of this item<br>
For more detail refer <a href="https://github.com/UedaTakeyuki/EncLst/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#positional">here</a>

Type: [Array][42]<[string][41]>

### named

Extracted title string of this item<br>
For more detail refer <a href="https://github.com/UedaTakeyuki/EncLst/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#named">here</a>

Type: [Object][43]

### hasPositinalParams

Has positional params?

Returns **bool** true if it has

### hasNamedParams

Has named params?

Returns **bool** true if it has

### hasParams

Has any params?

Returns **bool** true if it has

### first

first positional value or ""

### serialize

serialize to string

Returns **[string][41]** string serialization

[1]: #enclst

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #filepath

[4]: #items

[5]: #serialize

[6]: #read

[7]: #parameters-1

[8]: #title

[9]: #makeurlfromcurrenturlandpath

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #createfromurl

[12]: #parameters-3

[13]: #stringtolines

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #gettitle

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #

[18]: #parameters-6

[19]: #item

[20]: #parameters-7

[21]: #properties

[22]: #value

[23]: #title-1

[24]: #serialize-1

[25]: #filepath-1

[26]: #nextfilepath

[27]: #parameters-8

[28]: #valuechecker

[29]: #isurl

[30]: #parameters-9

[31]: #value-1

[32]: #parameters-10

[33]: #properties-1

[34]: #positional

[35]: #named

[36]: #haspositinalparams

[37]: #hasnamedparams

[38]: #hasparams

[39]: #first

[40]: #serialize-2

[41]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[42]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[43]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
